[Feature]: Add structure docs (#438)
open-mmlab/mmselfsup: docs/en/advanced_guides/structures.md

# Structures

- [Structures](#structures)
  - [Customized attributes in SelfSupDataSample](#customized-attributes-in-selfsupdatasample)
  - [Pack data to SelfSupDataSample in MMSelfSup](#pack-data-to-selfsupdatasample-in-mmselfsup)

The same as those in other OpenMMLab repositories, MMSelfSup defines a data structure, called `SelfSupDataSample`, which is used to receive and pass data during the whole training/testing process.
`SelfSupDataSample` inherits the `BaseDataElement` implemented in [MMEngine](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine).
We recommend users to refer to [BaseDataElement](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmengine/blob/main/docs/zh_cn/tutorials/data_element.md)
for more in-depth introduction about the basics of `BaseDataElement`. In this tutorials, we mainly discuss some customized

> features in [SelfSupDataSample](mmselfsup/core/data_structures/selfsup_data_sample.py).

Reviewer: please update the api path

## Customized attributes in SelfSupDataSample

> In MMSelfSup, except for images, `SelfSupDataSample` wraps all information required by models, e.g. mask in MIM and

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In MMSelfSup, except for images, `SelfSupDataSample` wraps all information required by models, e.g. `mask` requested by mask image modeling(MIM) and
```

> pseudo_label in pretext tasks. In addition to providing information, it can also accept information generated by models,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`pseudo_label` in pretext tasks. In addition to providing information, it can also accept information generated by models,
```

such as the prediction score. To fulfill these functionalities described above, `SelfSupDataSample` defines five
customized attributes:

- gt_label (LabelData), containing the groud-truth label for image.
- sample_idx (InstanceData), containing the index of current image in data list,
  initialized by dataset in the beginning.
- mask (BaseDataElement), containing the mask in MIM, e.g. SimMIM, CAE.
- pred_label (LabelData), containing the label, predicted by model.
- pseudo_label (BaseDataElement), containing the pseudo label used in pretext
  tasks, such as the location in Relative Location.

> To help uses capture the basic idea of SelfSupDataSample, we give a toy example, about how to create a `SelfSupDataSample`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To help users capture the basic idea of SelfSupDataSample, we give a toy example, about how to create a `SelfSupDataSample`
```

# set the gt_label in selfsup_data_sample
# gt_label should be the type of LabelData
selfsup_data_sample.gt_label = LabelData(value=torch.tensor([1]))

# setting gt_label to a type, which is not LabelData, will raise an error
selfsup_data_sample.gt_label = torch.tensor([1])
# AssertionError: tensor([1]) should be a <class 'mmengine.data.label_data.LabelData'> but got <class 'torch.Tensor'>

# set the sample_idx in selfsup_data_sample
# also, the assigned value of sample_idx should the type of InstanceData
selfsup_data_sample.sample_idx = InstanceData(value=torch.tensor([1]))

# setting the mask in selfsup_data_sample
selfsup_data_sample.mask = BaseDataElement(value=torch.ones((3, 3)))

# setting the pseudo_label in selfsup_data_sample
selfsup_data_sample.pseudo_label = InstanceData(location=torch.tensor([1, 2, 3]))

# After creating these attributes, you can easily fetch values in these attributes
print(selfsup_data_sample.gt_label.value)
# tensor([1])
print(selfsup_data_sample.mask.value.shape)
# torch.Size([3, 3])
```

## Pack data to SelfSupDataSample in MMSelfSup

Before feeding data into model, MMSelfSup packs data into `SelfSupDataSample` in data pipeline.

> If you do not understand data pipeline, you can consult [data transform](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/transforms/docs/zh_cn/understand_mmcv/data_transform.md). To pack data, we implement a data transform, called [PackSelfSupInputs](mmselfsup.datasets.transforms.PackSelfSupInputs)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
If you are not familiar with data pipeline, you can consult [data transform](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/transforms/docs/zh_cn/understand_mmcv/data_transform.md). To pack data, we implement a data transform, called [PackSelfSupInputs](mmselfsup.datasets.transforms.PackSelfSupInputs)
```

> If you do not understand data pipeline, you can consult [data transform](https://github.com/open-mmlab/mmcv/blob/transforms/docs/zh_cn/understand_mmcv/data_transform.md). To pack data, implements a data transform, call [PackSelfSupInputs](mmselfsup/datasets/pipelines/formatting.py).

Reviewer: I think we could use API path here

        packed_results['data_sample'] = data_sample

        return packed_results

    @classmethod
    def set_algorithm_keys(self, data_sample: SelfSupDataSample, key: str,
                           results: Dict) -> None:
        """Set the algorithm keys of SelfSupDataSample."""
        value = to_tensor(results[key])
        if key == 'sample_idx':
            sample_idx = InstanceData(value=value)
            setattr(data_sample, 'sample_idx', sample_idx)
        elif key == 'mask':
            mask = InstanceData(value=value)
            setattr(data_sample, 'mask', mask)
        elif key == 'gt_label':
            gt_label = LabelData(value=value)
            setattr(data_sample, 'gt_label', gt_label)
        elif key == 'pred_label':
            pred_label = LabelData(value=value)
            setattr(data_sample, 'pred_label', pred_label)
        else:
            raise AttributeError(f'{key} is not a attribute of \
                SelfSupDataSample')
```

`algorithm_keys` are these attributes, except for `pseudo_label`, in SelfSupDataSample and
`pseudo_label_keys` are these sub-keys in pseudo_label of SelfSupDataSample. Thank you for reading

> the while tutorial. If you have any problems, you can raise an issue in GitHub, and we will reach you

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the whole tutorial. If you have any problems, you can raise an issue in GitHub, and we will reach you
```
